RHOAIENG-21420: Adding configuration modules for Guardrails orchestrator (#672)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/guardrails-orchestrator-parameters.adoc

:_module-type: REFERENCE

[id='guardrails-orchestrator-parameters_{context}']

= GuardrailsOrchestrator parameters

You can modify the parameters for the `GuardrailsOrchestrator` object. For more information about parameters and their usage, see the following table:

[cols="1,2a", options="header"]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|`replicas`| The number of orchestrator pods to spin up
|`orchestratorConfig`| The name of the ConfigMap object that contains generator, detector, and chunker arguments

* `protocol` - sets the protocol for all the OTLP endpoints. Acceptable values are `grpc` or`http`
* `tracesProtocol` - overrides the protocol for traces. Acceptable values are `grpc` or `http`
* `metricsProtocol` - overrides the protocol for metrics. Acceptable values are either `grpc` or `http`
* `otlpEndpoint` - sets the OTLP endpoint. Defaults are  `gRPC localhost:4317` and `HTTP localhost:4318`
* `metricsEndpoint` - overrides the OTLP endpoint for metrics

> * `tracesEndpoint` -  overrides the OTLP endpoint for traces

Reviewer: Is this part of the table? If not, should it be its own table?

Reviewer: Option 1: Part of the table
```suggestion
|`protocol`| Sets the protocol for all the OTLP endpoints. Valid values are `grpc` or`http`
|`tracesProtocol`| Sets the protocol for traces. Valid values are `grpc` or `http`
|`metricsProtocol`| Sets the protocol for metrics. Valid values are either `grpc` or `http`
|`otlpEndpoint`| Sets the OTLP endpoint. Default values are `gRPC localhost:4317` and `HTTP localhost:4318`
|`metricsEndpoint`| Sets the OTLP endpoint for metrics
|`tracesEndpoint`| Sets the OTLP endpoint for traces
```
I also changed "override" to set - it feels like the same meaning but override is a little bit more jargony. Feel free to revert if there is some meaning lost there.

Reviewer: Option 2: Its own list - I changed it to a definition list but you could also keep it as unordered bullet if you'd like
```suggestion
[A really great introduction that tells people why they should read through this list]

`protocol`:: Sets the protocol for all the OTLP endpoints. Valid values are `grpc` or `http`.
`tracesProtocol`:: Sets the protocol for traces. Valid values are `grpc` or `http`.
`metricsProtocol`:: Sets the protocol for metrics. Valid values are either `grpc` or `http`.
`otlpEndpoint`:: Sets the OTLP endpoint. Default values are `gRPC localhost:4317` and `HTTP localhost:4318`.
`metricsEndpoint`:: Sets the OTLP endpoint for metrics.
`tracesEndpoint`:: Sets the OTLP endpoint for traces.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for that additional context! I completely agree that adding a colon to the intro sentence would make it clearer that the list goes with the sentence. (And of course that it shows up in the same cell - that helps too 😂 )

:_module-type: REFERENCE

[id='guardrails-orchestrator-parameters_{context}']
= GuardrailsOrchestrator parameters

[role='_abstract']
You can modify the following parameters for the `GuardrailsOrchestrator` object:

[cols="1,2a", options="header"]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|`replicas`| The number of orchestrator pods to spin up
|`orchestratorConfig`| The name of the `ConfigMap` object that contains generator, detector, and chunker arguments.
|`otelExporter **(optional)**`| A list of paired name and value arguments for configuring OpenTelemetry traces and/or metrics: 

> * `protocol` - Sets the protocol for all the OpenTelemetry protocol (OTLP) endpoints. Valid values are `grpc` or`http`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `protocol` - Sets the protocol for all the OpenTelemetry protocol (OTLP) endpoints. Valid values are `grpc` or `http`
```

* `tracesProtocol` - Sets the protocol for traces. Acceptable values are `grpc` or `http`
* `metricsProtocol` - Sets the protocol for metrics. Acceptable values are either `grpc` or `http`

> * `otlpEndpoint` - Sets the OTLP endpoint. Default values are  `gRPC localhost:4317` and `HTTP localhost:4318`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `otlpEndpoint` - Sets the OTLP endpoint. Default values are `gRPC localhost:4317` and `HTTP localhost:4318`
```
